add new sso and scim faqs (#8963)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim-okta.md

## Existing Okta integrations

> If you are adding SCIM to an existing Okta integration in <Constant name="dbt" /> (as opposed to setting up SCIM and SSO concurrently for the first time), be aware of the following behavior. Refer to [SCIM FAQ](/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim-faq) for more details on what happens to pre-existing users:

Reviewer: Hiya Mirna

Should the constant variable be: <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> and not <Constant name="dbt" /> as it's more of an umbrella ref and maybe users might think it could be used in core... I could be wrong though

Author: yea this wasnt something i touched since i just added the link but have updated it. i imagine the enterprise pill would make it clear its for platform though.

> If you are adding SCIM to an existing Okta integration in <Constant name="dbt" /> (as opposed to setting up SCIM and SSO concurrently for the first time), be aware of the following behavior. Refer to [SCIM FAQ](/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim-faq) for more details on what happens to pre-existing users:

Author: ```suggestion
If you are adding SCIM to an existing Okta integration in <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> (as opposed to setting up SCIM and SSO concurrently for the first time), be aware of the following behavior. Refer to [SCIM FAQ](/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim-faq) for more details on what happens to pre-existing users:
```

    - Read more about this feature in the [Okta documentation](https://help.okta.com/en-us/content/topics/users-groups-profiles/usgp-import-groups-app-provisioning.htm).

To set license type for users as they are provisioned, see [Manage user licenses with SCIM](/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim-manage-user-licenses).

## FAQ and troubleshooting

> For common questions about SCIM provisioning with Okta — including onboarding workflows, SSO group mapping behavior, and troubleshooting — see [SCIM FAQs and troubleshooting](/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim-faq).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For common questions about SCIM provisioning with Okta — including onboarding workflows, SSO group mapping behavior, and troubleshooting, refer to [SCIM FAQs and troubleshooting](/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim-faq).
```
